That's right. That's right.
If you really kill Xu Tao
That Huang Qingqing and Li Xiaoyue
But it's all in my palm
Hahahaha
Ouch, I've been so bored lately.
Big brother doesn't know what to do
Find me if you have any fun
They are Xu Tao
What are you looking for him for?
I heard they were going to beat him up
I'll go away
Really?
I don't know how Xu Tao provoked him
Hey Qiangzi, Brother Tao
I just heard that Zhao Zixuan has joined forces with Wang Kaisi
I found a bunch of people to kill you.
Sister, can you help me again?
I was warned the last time I helped you.
If I help you again, I will be taken back to heaven
Then what should I do?
Have you been avoiding him?
Oops, hide first
You can only use this teleportation once a day.
Can't beat him
Respond to changes first
Am I avoiding him for the rest of my life?
The phone will definitely give you new functions.
I will give you an invincible function at that time.
You can't turn over and be the master
Anti-piracy program users
The reward becomes a god immediately
eldest sister
If I can kill him, why should I tell you?